well howdy there I don't have people
it's Bo again so I guess we're gonna
talk about AOC again as you know she had
another thing today she either misspoke
or used Internet speak in real life I
don't know which but it doesn't matter
that that's a major infraction right
there nobody should ever speak miss at
any point in time and if they do that
should just be the end of their career
because that happened she came up a
number of times today and I heard the
same thing over and over again well you
know she's just a bartender
Chernov statement of fact her
credentials that is one way to say it
she is a bartender another way to say it
would be that she's a bilingual dual
majored Kumari graduate with experience
in foreign affairs and immigration who
answered crisis calls when she was in
senator Kennedy's office and has an
asteroid named after her that would be
another way to say but bartender is cool
too
when I brought this up today a number of
people asked why didn't she clarify that
I didn't know that she should tell
people that I don't know I don't know
why she doesn't clarify I don't know I
would imagine that it's the same reason
I don't clarify when somebody mistakes
my orientation there's nothing wrong
with being just a bartender
you know everybody in this country you
know our representatives our government
doesn't represent our interests well
yeah we elect our betters to be rulers
we don't elect people like us to
represent us so of course they don't
represent our interests and why should
she clarify that everybody up there
everybody on Capitol Hill likes to
pretend that they're a man of the
working people they're self-made they
made their millions and billions
themselves but when you get one who has
a working-class background of some kind
at least held a job which a lot of them
didn't she's supposed to dis this
disavowed doesn't make a whole lot of
sense to me they don't all have to be
lawyers now not to be too stereotypical
about this but most people who say she's
just a bartender well you look like me
let's be honest you look like me got a
question for you in your hometown in
your neighborhood in your community who
knows everybody's problems to people
right the preacher and the bartender
who's going to have a better gauge on
the interests of the community the real
estate broker who only talks to the
wealthy or the bartender who talks to
everybody
I'm gonna go out on a limb here and say
that we need more bartenders we need
more fast-food workers we need more
nurses we need more teachers we need
more welders we need more ranchers and
less professional politicians you know
people talk about the political elite
and talk about the fact that we have an
oligarchy and we have a rolling class
but we just you know keep electing them
so we really are kind of getting the
representation that we deserve not the
House of Representatives might should be
I don't know representative of us we
might have better luck that way we might
people have people that are actually
concerned with the interests of their
community I would like to see a few more
just to bartenders anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good night